[LOG-13624] Upgrade node and packages (#10)
rapid7/r7insight_node: README.md

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/rapid7/r7insight_node.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/rapid7/r7insight_node)

# r7insight_node: Insight Platform Client

Allows you to send logs to the [Insight Platform](https://www.rapid7.com/products/)
(or Logentries) account from Node.js.

> There’s a seperate client intended for use in the browser, called

Reviewer: separate

> [le_js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/le_js), which uses http and is optimized

Reviewer: Is this not deprecated, like most "le" libraries?

Author: yup, i'll replace it with r7insight_js

## Start

```javascript
var { Logger } = require('r7insight_node');

var logger = new Logger({ token: '<token>' , region: '<region>'});

> logger.warning("I'll put this over here, with the rest of the fire.");

Reviewer: ❤️

Author: 🙉

```

> ## Development

Reviewer 2: I still don't get why we have to document this. Do we realy want people that don't know how Node works to make changes to this? 😅

Author: I don't know how node works 😄 i think it's nice as a small, easy get started guode

### Required

>  - **token:** String. Authorization token for the Rapid7 Insight Platform.

Reviewer 2: Authorization token? Isn't this just a log token?

Author: yes it is, changed

>  - **region**: The region of ingestion endpoint to be used. Examples: 'eu', 'us'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - **region**: The region of ingestion endpoint to be used. Examples: `eu`, `us`
```

   Defaults to 0.
 - **bufferSize**: The maximum number of log entries that may be queued in the 
   internal ring buffer for sending at a given moment. Default: `16192`.

>  - **secure:** If truthy, uses a tls connection. Default: `true`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - **secure:** If truthy, uses a TLS connection. Default: `true`.
```

   Default: `1000`
 - **reconnectMaxDelay**: Maximum wait time in milliseconds while reconnecting.

>    Default: `15 * 1000`

Reviewer: I would stick with the more descriptive name, personally

Buffer shift event is emitted when the internal buffer is shifted due to reaching `bufferSize`
of events in the buffer. This event may be listened for security/operations related reasons as
each time this event is emitted, a log event will be discarded and discarded log event will
never make it to the Insight Platform.

```javascript
logger.ringBuffer.on('buffer shift', () => {

>     // Pager duty or send an email 

Reviewer: PagerDuty

A connection to the host does not guarantee that your logs are transmitting
successfully. If you have a bad token, there is no feedback from the server to
indicate this. The only way to confirm that your token is working is to check

> the live tail in the Insight Platform. I will investigate this further to see if there’s

Reviewer 2: Does IDR have live tail?

Author: Nope doesn't seem like it, you prefer in `InsightOps` in this case?

Reviewer 2: i guess it'd be better, more accurate anyway
